User Cases

1.	Use Case: Access Population Information 
Role: User (Journalist, Educator, Policy Maker, City Planner, etc.) Prerequisites: The user obtains system access and authentication. 

- Main Instruction: 
1. The user chooses whatever kind of population data (countries, cities, capitals, etc.) to view. 
2. The user enters any filters or requirements (such as area or continent). 
3. The system uses the given criteria to query the database. 
4. The system presents the demographic data that was queried in an easy-to-use manner. 
o Postconditions: The user can obtain the demographic data that was requested for reporting or analysis. 
o Alternative Flows:  The information you requested is unavailable: The problem is indicated by an error message that the system displays.

2. User Case: Obtain the Top N Most Populated Entities 
- Role: User 
-  Prerequisites: The user has indicated the scope (global, continent, region) and 'N'. 

- Main Instruction: 
1. The user chooses the query's scope (e.g., top N inhabited countries worldwide) and enters the number "N." 
2. After processing the request, the system searches the database for the top N entities within the given scope, based on population. 
3. The results are shown by the system in population descent order. 
o Postconditions: In response to their request, the user is given a list of the top N filled entities. 
o Alternative Flows: The system returns all entries if 'N' is greater than the total number of entries that are accessible.

3.	User Case: Determine and Assess Language Interpreters 
-  Role: User 
o Preconditions: The user is interested in linguistic data and has access to the system. 

- Main Instruction: 
1. The user chooses to view the system's language speaker statistics. 
2. The user selects one or more languages (such as Chinese, English, Hindi, Spanish, or Arabic) in which they wish to view the data. 
3. The system uses the database to collect data across national borders in order to determine the number of speakers for the chosen languages.
4. . The system determines what proportion of people worldwide speak each of the chosen languages. 
- The results are ranked from most to least number of speakers by the system, which shows the number of speakers and their proportion of the global population.
o Postconditions: Accurate language speaker statistics are available to the user. 

- Alternative Flows: The system alerts the user if there is insufficient or no data available for a chosen language.


 Administrators 

1)	Use Case: Monitor Updates within the Database 

-	Role: Administrator 

-	Preconditions: Administrator has to make updates and has authorised access. 

-	 Main Instruction: 

1. The administrator finds population data that has to be updated or added to the database. 

2. The database administration interface is accessed by the administrator. 

3. The administrator uploads or enters the updated data. 

4. The new data is verified by the system and incorporated into the current dataset. 

5. The system notifies the administrator that the update was successful:
-	Postconditions: The most recent data is added to the database. 
-	Alternative Flows: The administrator is alerted and requested to rectify the data if validation checks fail (for example, because of format problems).



2)	 Use Case Application: Provide System Safety 

-	Role: System Administrator 

-	 Preconditions: The system has to have consitent security updates and evaluations performed. 

-	Main Instruction: 
1.	The system administrator looks over the security procedures in place and looks for any possible weaknesses. 

2.	. The system administrator upgrades or adds additional security measures. 

3.	 In accordance, the system modifies its security procedures. 

4.	The system records the security update operations:
-	Postconditions: The security of the system can be maintained or improved.
-	Alternative Flows:  The system instantly alerts the administrator and starts an emergency protocol in the event that a security breach is discovered.

